---
description: Have you tried turning it off and on?
---

# ⚡ v0.0.7.0 Beta Versions

This version was titled as the massive reduction of the binary size because the manual pages were moved to GitHub Wiki. This series was titled as the major disappointment for those who use calculators and unit converters often.

### Version 0.0.6.9

This version was marked as the start of the track in which it commenced on July 27, 2019, by eliminating the calculators and unit converters.

#### Additions

* Operating system placeholder
* MOTD and MAL now support more than just one line
* SSE checker now adds support to Unix systems

#### Improvements

* FTP client exits peacefully
* You can enter the FTP server without specifying the prefix
* Several fixes and general improvements

#### Removals

* Calculators
* Unit converters

### Version 0.0.6.10

This version was released on August 8, 2019.

#### Additions

* You can reload mods manually using the reloadmods command

#### Improvements

* Namespace got simplified to KS for easier reference
* Kernel reboots are now unlimited
* More improvements

#### Removals

* Removed the promptArgs command line argument

### Version 0.0.6.11

This version was released on August 10, 2019.

#### Additions

* Each update, you'll see changelogs right from KS

#### Improvements

* Debug will never show password in clear text again
* Fixed crash after updating configuration on startup

### Version 0.0.6.12

This version was released solely to correct all the codeblocks in modding and screensaver guides found under the kernel documentation for the Czech, Croatian, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Italian, Malay, Portuguese, Spanish, Swedish, and Turkish languages. It was out on August 11, 2019.

### Version 0.0.6.13

This version brought several improvements. It was also the first version to be shipped to Chocolatey Package Manager for Windows in a later build of this version, which was built on August 16, 2019 as the "N" edition. Initially, it was released on August 13, 2019.

#### Improvements

* MOTD and MAL now use files to take new lines into account
* Fixed crashes on kernel error
* Fixed chmal and chmotd only taking a single word written
* Improved the time and date probers
* Chocolatey Build (N)
* Fixed crash upon upgrading the old configuration to the new format (N)

#### Removals

* New line placeholder

### Version 0.0.6.14

It was almost the end of the road, and this version got in the way with the release date of August 25, 2019 to deprecate the user manual as part of the migration plan to GitHub Wiki.

#### Improvements

* MOTD and MAL now show up in sysinfo

#### Removals

* Deprecated the usermanual command in favor of GitHub Wiki

## Known bugs

Initial documentation for these versions have mentioned the following known bugs in the "`troubleshooting`" document: _(original wording preserved for brevity - only covers pre-2021 releases)_

<table><thead><tr><th width="187">Found</th><th width="95">Fixed</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>v0.0.6.9 or higher</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td><ol><li>The viewer is not displayed correctly</li><li>Some words might print on the last line where it shows you information on the manual page viewer</li></ol></td></tr></tbody></table>
