---
description: Run and don't look back!
---

# 🏃♀ v0.0.14.x series

This series was the first series that got released on 2021. It added running executable files, as well as many additions and improvements.

### Version 0.0.14.0

This version brought fixes and additions that amazed you. It was released on January 21, 2021.

#### Additions

* Added running executable files
* Added mail message preview when listing mails
* Added color change to Settings
* Added the BouncingBlock screensaver
* Added custom shell input prompt
* You can now see the target symbolic links in remote SFTP directory listing

#### Improvements

* Updated dependencies
* Fixed crash on console text writer in some cases
* Used Inxi.NET to parse hardware
* Fixed inconsistencies in the network section on Settings
* Fixed local SFTP directory not being changed
* Some more improvements and bug fixes

#### Removals

* Removed listdrives and listparts
* Removed slot probe option from the kernel configuration
* Removed setcolors

### Version 0.0.14.1

This version was out on January 29, 2021 to make DoCalc obsolete because it used DataTable.Compute to calculate expressions.

#### Improvements

* Customizability was added in BouncingBlock
* Fixed wrong shell message when attempting to execute a non-existent command

#### Removals

* Obsoleted DoCalc

### Version 0.0.14.2

This version was out on February 1, 2021 as a quick update to add mitigation to the Windows 10 NTFS corruption regarding the volume bitmap and the NTFS BSOD exploit regarding the console driver found in the Windows kernel.

#### Improvements

* Mitigated the Windows 10 NTFS corruption and BSOD problems. The filesystem driver now throws exceptions when trying to access the paths used to trigger the corruption or force restart.

### Version 0.0.14.3

This version was released on August 29, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes from 0.0.19.0
