---
description: Did that thing even finish?
---

# ⏳ v0.0.15.x series

This series was out as a third-year anniversary of the kernel to add new awesome features, like the addition of the BedOS, 3Y-Diamond, and TealerOS themes to celebrate the release of the PowerPoint OS collection.

This series was the last series that holds the API v1.2 implementation.

### Version 0.0.15.0

This version celebrated the third-year anniversary of the kernel on February 22, 2021. It added many features and groundbreaking improvements, especially fixing the crash on startup in Linux systems.

#### Additions

* Added the BedOS, 3Y-Diamond, and TealerOS colors
* Added the Irish and Welsh languages
* Added new text editor commands, including querychar
* Added progress support for notifications
* Added text changed indicator to the text editor
* Added mod conflict detection
* Screensaver timeouts are now customizable except for AptErrorSim, HackUserFromAD, and Dissolve

#### Improvements

* Specify the city name in the weather command
* Fixed crash trying to run maintenance mode
* Time offsets are much more clear
* Fixed text editor not opening files after closing the editor for the first time
* Fixed console output glitches in certain situations
* Fixed crash on startup in Linux
* Ping continues even if one device can't be pinged
* General improvements and bug fixes

### Version 0.0.15.1

This version was released on February 23, 2021 to fix missing localizations.

#### Improvements

* Fixed unlocalized strings in 0.0.15.0
* Added missing string for SSH FTP help entry

### Version 0.0.15.2

This version was released on March 4, 2021 to use the vt100 terminal in the SSH client alongside some improvements. This version and releases following it was released alongside the development of 0.0.16.0.

#### Additions

* Added percentage indicator for progress notifications

#### Improvements

* Use the VT100 terminal in the SSH client
* Fixed crash in the next reboot when hardware probing fails

### Version 0.0.15.3

This version was out on March 9, 2021.

#### Additions

* Category indicator in Settings

#### Improvements

* Improved sysinfo appearance in non-English kernels
* Disabled the cached hardware probing

### Version 0.0.15.4

This version was out on March 12, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Removed listdrives and listparts help commands
* Help shows a message when an invalid command is entered

### Version 0.0.15.5

This version was released on March 12, 2021 to bring improvements to the FTP client.

#### Improvements

* Fixed profile listing being offset by one
* Use ftp:// instead of ftps:// by default
* General improvements

### Version 0.0.15.6

This version was out on March 17, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Profile answer now takes more than one digit for FTP servers that have more than nine profiles
* General improvements

### Version 0.0.15.7

This version was out on March 21, 2021.

#### Additions

* Added an option to set current directory from settings

#### Improvements

* Fixed percentage of notification not being cleared

### Version 0.0.15.8

This version was the last version that got released on April 14, 2021 alongside the development of 0.0.16.0.

#### Improvements

* Fixed crash when trying to get the symbolic link target

### Version 0.0.15.9

This version was released on August 29, 2021 to backport fixes from 0.0.19.0.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes from 0.0.19.0
