---
description: Customize and pimp your kernel!
---

# 🛠 v0.0.4.x series

This is the first series which was deemed as customizable thanks to the subset of improvements that this version series brought. The below versions were released during the lifetime of the series.

### Version 0.0.4.0

This was the first kernel version that actually got straight to the point by adding the core essentials that were groundbreaking. It first surfaced on May 20, 2018, and it was promised to be the big release.

#### Additions

* Added settings
* Added application command-line and kernel boot arguments
* Added the debugging system
* Added the writing system
* Added themes
* Maintenance mode
* Calculator and Unit Converter
* Added commands
* Added an option to show MOTD

#### Improvements

* Reduced memory usage
* General improvements

### Version 0.0.4.1

Released on May 22, 2018.

#### Additions

* Configuration update system in case of kernel updates

#### Improvements

* Fixed directory change issues
* General improvements

### Version 0.0.4.5

These 0.0.x.5 versions used to be the kernel escrow versions that hosted many additions, much like the major kernel update. It was released on July 15, 2018.

#### Additions

* Added kernel argument to enable maintenance mode
* Time and date widget in the upper right corner
* Added more temperature units

#### Improvements

* Improvements regarding the welcome banner
* Improved the help system
* Fixed bugs
* General improvements

#### Removals

* FED (Black and White version of Disco)
* Deprecated the prompts

### Version 0.0.4.6

Released on July 16, 2018.

#### Improvements

* Removed what's left from the FED command
* Pre-defined aliases were deprecated

### Version 0.0.4.7

Released on July 17, 2018.

#### Improvements

* Ping attempts can now be repeated when there is an error
* General improvements

### Version 0.0.4.8

Released on April 30, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Fixed time and date not showing on reboot
* Now help displays "no help" when command is not found
* Fixed help usage showing if the command and arguments are written

## Known bugs

Initial documentation for these versions have mentioned the following known bugs in the "`troubleshooting`" document: _(original wording preserved for brevity - only covers pre-2021 releases)_

<table><thead><tr><th width="106">Found</th><th width="101">Fixed</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>0.0.4.0</td><td>0.0.5.0 Beta (0.0.4.11)</td><td><ol><li>When setting "Colored Shell" to False, you will see that input color is white instead of gray.</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>0.0.4.1</td><td>0.0.5.0 Beta (0.0.4.11)</td><td>See above</td></tr><tr><td>0.0.4.5</td><td>0.0.5.0 Beta (0.0.4.11)</td><td>See above</td></tr><tr><td>0.0.4.6</td><td>0.0.5.0 Beta (0.0.4.11)</td><td>See above</td></tr><tr><td>0.0.4.7</td><td>0.0.5.0 Beta (0.0.4.11)</td><td>See above</td></tr></tbody></table>
