---
description: Sun fading out to darkness
---

# 🌃 v0.0.17.x series

This version series came as a minor update to 0.0.16.0 and added some features, as well as improved some areas of the kernel.

### Version 0.0.17.0

This version was out on July 4, 2021.

#### Additions

* Added FaderBack
* WebAlerts support in mail has been added
* Added custom prompt styles for RSS, Text Edit, and ZIP shell

#### Improvements

* Fade-ins in Fader and FaderBack are now smoother
* Fixed "Invalid path" when trying to execute a non-existent mod/alias that contains the space in their command.
* Improvements regarding the RSS feed parser
* General improvements and bug fixes

### Version 0.0.17.1

This version was released on July 17, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Better handling for empty folders in List

### Version 0.0.17.2

This version was written to support complete string formatting. It was out on July 25, 2021.

#### Additions

* Added support for complete string formatting in console writers (Backported)

#### Improvements

* Enhanced a default for Typo

### Version 0.0.17.3

This version was released on August 2, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Backported two fixes from version 0.0.18.0

### Version 0.0.17.4

This version was released on August 25, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes from 0.0.19.0

### Version 0.0.17.5

This version was released on February 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Updated the kernel update check for second-gen KS

### Version 0.0.17.6

This version was released on April 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Updated the debug symbol downloader to point to new link

### Version 0.0.17.7

This version was released on May 11, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported improvements from 0.0.21.0

### Version 0.0.17.8

This version was released on June 10, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes from 0.0.22.0
