---
description: Full of beats
---

# 🥁 v0.0.18.x series

This version version was purported to be another minor update, although the features that came with it were great.

### Version 0.0.18.0

This version was released on August 2, 2021 to add support for complete string formatting in console writers for more efficient printing, as well as new placeholders and customizable startup banner.

#### Additions

* Added new placeholders
* Added new commands
* Added SHA384 support
* Added the BeatFader support
* Added the Beats Per Minute (BPM) implementation to disco
* Added support for complete string formatting in console writers
* Added support for output files in sumfile

#### Improvements

* When the help command was invoked on a command that wasn't existent, it shows that the command is not found
* Flipped the date and time on upper right corner
* General improvements and bug fixes

### Version 0.0.18.1

This version was released on August 9, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Fixed BeatFader taking time to exit
* Fixed extra new line in separator if location is two lines lower

### Version 0.0.18.2

This version was released on August 24, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes from 0.0.19.0

### Version 0.0.18.3

This version was released on February 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Updated the kernel update check for second-gen KS

### Version 0.0.18.4

This version was released on April 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Updated the debug symbol downloader to point to new link

### Version 0.0.18.5

This version was released on May 11, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported improvements from 0.0.21.0

### Version 0.0.18.6

This version was released on June 10, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes from 0.0.22.0

### Version 0.0.18.7

This version was released on July 9, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes
