---
description: Manage your mods!
---

# 🔧 v0.0.19.x series

This version series was the last series that got released in the year 2021 for API v1.3 to add some more features and improvements. It's also the last series released in the same year.

### Version 0.0.19.0

This version was released on August 24, 2021 that allowed you to manage your mods and debug the built-in screensavers.

#### Additions

* Added folder download/upload to FTP
* Added an option to write full color code in ColorWheel
* Added the JSON minifier
* Added optional output support for jsonbeautify/jsonminify
* Added the Kazakh and Yoruba languages
* Added the Linotypo and Typewriter screensavers
* Added reading text files support in supported screensavers (only Linotypo for now)
* Added the mod manager
* Added missed character support in typo screensavers
* Added debugging support to built-in screensavers
* Restored Turkish language

#### Improvements

* Improvements in Settings
* Fixed cancellation not working properly in some situations
* General improvements and bug fixes

### Version 0.0.19.1

This version was out on August 26, 2021 to bring in some more additions.

#### Additions

* Made a command shortcut to KS for Windows systems (Chocolatey)
* Added the FlashColor screensaver
* Added the Gujarati language

### Version 0.0.19.2

This version was released on February 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Updated the kernel update check for second-gen KS

### Version 0.0.19.3

This version was released on March 3, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported a fix from 0.0.20.1

### Version 0.0.19.4

This version was released on April 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Updated the debug symbol downloader to point to new link

### Version 0.0.19.5

This version was released on May 11, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported improvements from 0.0.21.0

### Version 0.0.19.6

This version was released on June 10, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes from 0.0.22.0

### Version 0.0.19.7

This version was released on July 9, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes

### Version 0.0.19.8

This version was released on August 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes
