---
description: Your new home!
---

# ⭐ v0.0.16.x series

This series gave a massive upgrade to the kernel, causing its API version to increase to v1.3. It added a staggering amount of features and general improvements during four months of non-stop development. It also made the kernel more colorful.

### Version 0.0.16.0

This version did all the above changes to the point that it made a step closer to being a fully-fledged kernel simulator. It made a release on June 12, 2021.

On NuGet installs, this kernel version according to the package metadata is 0.0.16.1, although there is no 0.0.16.1.

#### Additions

* Added new screensavers
* GPU probing restored
* Dynamic themes
* New color themes
* New commands
* Full naming support to remote debugger
* Warning and option color types
* Speed dial support to SFTP
* New events
* New API functions, including new console writers
* Anonymous group
* New languages
* Authentication to SSH by private key
* First-user OOBE
* You can now cancel executable processes
* ...and more

#### Improvements

* All filesystem API functions now neutralize the path before performing their operation
* Configuration files are now made to a JSON format
* Fixed issues connecting to any FTP server from quickconnect
* General improvements and bug fixes

#### Removals

* Removed beep synth
* Removed debuglog command

### Version 0.0.16.2

This version was released as a quick bug fix release on June 12, 2021.

#### Additions

* Added support for .message MOTD in FTP shell

#### Improvements

* Fixed crash when loading a mod command if one of the kernel mods didn't have a command
* Fader and wipe now exit instantly

### Version 0.0.16.3

This version was released on June 14, 2021. It has made two fixes in two different areas.

#### Improvements

* Fixed DLL-based screensavers not loading
* Fixed external programs not using current working directory

### Version 0.0.16.4

This version was released on June 18, 2021 to enhance modding.

#### Additions

* Spaces in commands for mods and aliases

#### Improvements

* Better mod conflict detection

### Version 0.0.16.5

This version was released on July 25, 2021.

#### Additions

* Added support for complete string formatting in console writers (Backported)

#### Improvements

* Enhanced a default for Typo (Backported)

### Version 0.0.16.6

This version was released on August 2, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Backported a fix from version 0.0.18.0

### Version 0.0.16.7

This version was released on August 19, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes from 0.0.19.0

### Version 0.0.16.8

This version was released on February 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Updated the kernel updater to support API v2.0 kernel versions or later

### Version 0.0.16.9

This version was released on February 28, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes from 0.0.20.0

### Version 0.0.16.10

This version was released on March 3, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported a fix from 0.0.20.1

### Version 0.0.16.11

This version was released on March 4, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Fixed crash on startup when trying to probe hardware

### Version 0.0.16.12

This version was released on April 5, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Updated the debug symbol downloader to point to new link

### Backport Fridays versions

The below versions were released on Backport Fridays:

* 0.0.16.13 - May 11, 2022
* 0.0.16.14 - June 10, 2022
* 0.0.16.15 - July 9, 2022
* 0.0.16.16 - August 5, 2022
* 0.0.16.17 - August 4, 2023
* 0.0.16.18 - August 11, 2023
* 0.0.16.19 - August 18, 2023
* 0.0.16.20 - August 25, 2023

### Out-of-band servicing releases

The below versions were released to incorporate general improvements:

* 0.0.16.21 - October 24, 2023
* 0.0.16.22 - October 29, 2023
* 0.0.16.24 - November 20, 2023
* 0.0.16.25 - December 14, 2023
