---
description: Good night!
---

# 🌌 v0.0.8.x series

This version series was the first to use the 255 colors to make the kernel more colorful and lively. It also made several additions and improvements to the kernel to increase your excitement.

### Version 0.0.8.0

This version was out on February 22, 2020 as a second-year anniversary of the kernel. It made useful and helpful additions and improvements. However, we made an unfortunate decision of adding the voice synthesizer to the kernel.

#### Additions

* 255 colors support
* Brought back the calculator
* Added new commands
* Added new languages
* Added new screensavers
* Added listing partitions and drives
* Added beep synth
* Added SSH and RPC
* Added new placeholders
* Added global IPv6 and IPv4 properties
* ...and more

#### Improvements

* Updated dependencies
* Codepages will change accordingly upon setting language
* Targeted .NET Framework 4.8
* Bug and crash fixes

#### Removals

* Removed sses and noaliases

### Version 0.0.8.1

This version was out as an update to 0.0.8 on March 16, 2020 that made fixes to bugs that affected the base version.

#### Improvements

* Updated the FluentFTP and LibVLCSharp libraries
* FTP command now no longer reports an error if either ftp:// or ftps:// was appended before the host name or address

#### Removals

* Removed the last of sses command

### Version 0.0.8.5

This version was the last ever version that constituted the major feature addition every 0.0.x.5 release, with the release of this version on March 22, 2020.

#### Additions

* Permanent list of users
* Added Bengali and Punjabi languages
* Added the args command line argument
* Added the sumfiles command
* Added 24-bit color testing. This was the first sign of 24-bit color support in KS.

#### Improvements

* Updated dependencies
* You can now see passwords as stars to increase security
* Fixed high CPU usage regarding notifications
* General improvements

#### Removals

* Useless, unnecessary, and destructive filesystem structure parsing every startup

### Version 0.0.8.6

This version was released on July 14, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Backported improvements from 0.0.16.0 regarding login and screensaver functions

#### Removals

* Removed the speak command

### Version 0.0.8.7

This version was released on August 22, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Backported improvements

### Version 0.0.8.8

This version was out on August 24, 2021.

#### Improvements

* Improved list command appearance
* Reading contents of a file now no longer locks
* Fixed parsing user line in config files that were made by later versions of KS (0.0.16.0 or higher)

### Version 0.0.8.9

This version was released on February 8, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Kernel updater now supports API v2.0 versions or later

### Version 0.0.8.10

This version was out on March 3, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported a fix from 0.0.20.1

### Version 0.0.8.11

This version was out on April 5, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Updated the debug symbol downloader to point to new link

### Version 0.0.8.12

This version was out on May 11, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported improvements from 0.0.21.0

### Version 0.0.8.13

This version was out on June 10, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes from 0.0.22.0

### Version 0.0.8.14

This version was released on July 9, 2022.

#### Improvements

* Backported fixes
