---
description: The time hasn't come yet!
---

# ⌚ v0.0.5.0 Beta Versions

This is the first series to have incorporated the version-based beta versions of the upcoming series at its time which started with version 0.0.4.9.

### Version 0.0.4.9

Since version 0.0.4.9, many features were added to the kernel. It included improvements across several areas of the kernel. It was released on July 21, 2018.

#### Additions

* Added temporary aliases
* Added time zones
* Added new commands
* Added MOTD After Login

#### Improvements

* Made Nitrocid KS single-instance
* Special characters in passwords
* Better behavior when updating the kernel configuration
* General improvements

### Version 0.0.4.10

This is the first version that saw screensavers and mods in the kernel that saw improvements ever since. It was released on August 1, 2018.

#### Additions

* Added listing computers by name using the lscomp command.
* Added screensavers
* Added kernel modifications (no command support yet)

#### Improvements

* Sysinfo is merged with lsdrivers
* Improved help definition system
* Fixed kernel instance checking reporting false positives on reboot
* General improvements

### Version 0.0.4.11

Pre-defined aliases were removed as a result of added user-defined aliases in 0.0.4.9. It was out on August 3, 2018.

#### Improvements

* Fixed uncolored shell causing input color to be printed as white

#### Removals

* Pre-defined aliases

### Version 0.0.4.12

This version made a mark on the final beta version of 0.0.5.0. It was out on August 16, 2018.

#### Improvements

* Replaced the disco command with the Disco screensaver
