---
description: The book is still on draft!
---

# 📄 v0.0.6.0 Beta Versions

These versions were early access versions of the 0.0.6.x series which formed the core addition of the new features and improvement of the core kernel, including features of several areas. As a consequence, the series declares the end of Windows XP support as more and more vulnerabilities were discovered against the legacy operating system and we didn't want to support vulnerable systems.

### Version 0.0.5.9

This version is the first draft of the series book that got written in calligraphy on December 24, 2018 by this version that brought several additions.

#### Additions

* Currency converter
* Added the languages
* Added kernel manual pages, which was the first sign of documentation improvement which then became the very documentation that you're reading right now.
* Added file rename FTP command
* Added kernel events and exceptions
* Added mod naming and versioning
* Progress bars to file upload and download progress

#### Improvements

* Mods now stop when the kernel shuts down
* Fixed application crash when shell crashes
* Extended debugging to more areas
* Allow debugging logs to be viewed without kernel debugging feature on within the kernel itself
* MadMade substantial changes to the FTP client
* Increased the limit of how many commands can be run in one session
* Updated all dependencies

#### Removals

* Windows XP support
* Removed binary, passive, ssl, and text FTP commands

### Version 0.0.5.10

2019 started with the release of this version that debuted in February 16. It has made several improvements to several kernel areas, as well as the manual page viewer.

#### Improvements

* Readability of the manual pages got improved
* Improved several debugging messages, especially the hardware probing part
* Updated dependencies
* Fixed several bugs and made general improvements

#### Removals

* nohwprobe argument has beenremoved

### Version 0.0.5.11

This version was out on February 18, 2019.

#### Improvements

* Fixed the CHS section of hard drive not appearing if manufacturer was provided
* Fixed crash when trying to load the next screensaver after the previous one crashed
* Fixed several pieces of the kernel not getting translated
* Made several fixes and improvements

#### Removals

* Removed echo, panicsim, and choice commands
* Removed HDD and RAM status probing

### Version 0.0.5.12

This version was released to fix more bugs that occurred in the last beta version and make several improvements. It was out on February 22, 2019, as a 1-year anniversary release.

#### Improvements

* createConf argument now checks for configuration file before taking any action
* Fixed Windows 10 systems reporting themselves as Windows 8.1
* Fixed crash while debugging
* Fixed the simple help function not showing mod commands
* Fixed kernel commands not being able to be run after runningmod commands
* Fixed several bugs

### Version 0.0.5.13

This version was out on April 14, 2019, to make improvements to the codebase, as well as a major breakthrough in hardware probing.

#### Additions

* Linux hardware probing

### Version 0.0.5.14

This version was released as a last beta version for this version series. This version was released on June 13, 2019.

#### Additions

* Finalized the filesystem

#### Improvements

* The kernel shouldn't exit when rebooting

## Known bugs

Initial documentation for these versions have mentioned the following known bugs in the "`troubleshooting`" document: _(original wording preserved for brevity - only covers pre-2021 releases)_

<table><thead><tr><th width="118">Found</th><th width="97">Fixed</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>0.0.5.9</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td><ol><li>The viewer is not displayed correctly</li><li>Some words might print on the last line where it shows you information on the manual page viewer</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>0.0.5.10</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td>See above</td></tr><tr><td>0.0.5.11</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td>See above</td></tr><tr><td>0.0.5.12</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td>See above</td></tr><tr><td>0.0.5.13</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td>See above</td></tr><tr><td>0.0.5.14</td><td>0.0.7.0</td><td>See above</td></tr></tbody></table>
